README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi there, I'm A Pavan Gowda!

## 💡 Summary  
<span style="font-size:19px;">
I am a person who loves to uncover stories in data and use machine learning to find deeper insights. I'm passionate about turning these insights into tangible, automated solutions that solve real-world problems from start to finish.


---

## 🛠️ Skills & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Flask" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Power BI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-power-bi&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="Excel" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white" />
</p>




## 🚀 Projects

### E-Sports Hub Web Application  
- Full-stack web app for discovering and booking global esports tournaments  
- React.js frontend and Node.js backend  
- Features user registration, event sign-up, live event watching, and curated highlight videos  

### OpenPark – Smart Parking Slot Booking System  
- Open-source full-stack parking management system  
- Real-time booking, check-in, and auto-reset for unconfirmed slots  
- React frontend with Apple-inspired UI design and smooth animations  

### Cloud Computing SaaS Security – Blockchain-Backed Web App (Ongoing Research)  
- Designing a secure SaaS application for file management with blockchain-backed tamperproof auditing  
- Researching real-time user activity monitoring and suspicious behavior detection  

### Research Centre Management System  
- Web app to manage research activities, grants, and doctorate registrations  
- Built with PHP backend, MySQL database, and JavaScript frontend  


---

## 🎓 Education

🎓 B.E. in Computer Science - PES Institute of Technology and Management (2022–2026)  
🏅 7.62 CGPA | 83% (PU) | 80% (SSLC)


---

## 🏅 Certifications & Achievements

- BIT’S N BYTES 2.0 Hackathon  
- Internpe AI/ML Programming Course Completion  
- Infosys Springboard: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence  
- Organized and volunteered for technical events and hackathons  
- Participated in a 36-hour FOSS Hackathon developing the E-Sports Hub application  


---

## 🤝 Volunteering

- 👩‍🏫 ChatGPT Workshop for PU students  
- 📚 Infosys Springboard Ambassador – 250+ students enrolled  
- 🔍 Splunk Security Seminar for juniors


---

## 💻 Technical Activities & Leadership  

- Participated in **SAP Inside Track 2025**, Bangalore  
- Explored SAP BTP, Generative AI, and enterprise-grade AI tools and architectures  


---


## 📬 Contact Me

 Mail ID 📧: pavangowda1034@gmail.com  
 View My Portfolio ➡️ (https://portfolio-plum-six-96.vercel.app) <br>
📍 Bhadravathi, Karnataka


*Let’s connect and collaborate on exciting tech projects!*


---

<p align="center">
  <em style="color:white; font-size:1.25em;">
    “Nothing Changes, if Nothing Changes.”
  </em>
  <br>
  <span style="color:#ff2e63; font-style:italic;">
    — Anonymous
  </span>
</p>

---

Commit message:

Refactor certifications section in README
Removed duplicate entries and organized certifications.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi there, I'm A Pavan Gowda!

## 💡 Summary  
<span style="font-size:19px;">
I am a person who loves to uncover stories in data and use machine learning to find deeper insights. I'm passionate about turning these insights into tangible, automated solutions that solve real-world problems from start to finish.


---

## 🛠️ Skills & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Flask" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Power BI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-power-bi&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="Excel" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white" />
</p>




## 🚀 Projects

### E-Sports Hub Web Application  
- Full-stack web app for discovering and booking global esports tournaments  
- React.js frontend and Node.js backend  
- Features user registration, event sign-up, live event watching, and curated highlight videos  

### OpenPark – Smart Parking Slot Booking System  
- Open-source full-stack parking management system  
- Real-time booking, check-in, and auto-reset for unconfirmed slots  
- React frontend with Apple-inspired UI design and smooth animations  

### Cloud Computing SaaS Security – Blockchain-Backed Web App (Ongoing Research)  
- Designing a secure SaaS application for file management with blockchain-backed tamperproof auditing  
- Researching real-time user activity monitoring and suspicious behavior detection  

### Research Centre Management System  
- Web app to manage research activities, grants, and doctorate registrations  
- Built with PHP backend, MySQL database, and JavaScript frontend  


---

## 🎓 Education

🎓 B.E. in Computer Science - PES Institute of Technology and Management (2022–2026)  
🏅 7.62 CGPA | 83% (PU) | 80% (SSLC)


---

## 🏅 Certifications & Achievements

- Completed CS50's Introduction to Python Programming Course by Harvard.
- BIT’S N BYTES 2.0 Hackathon  
- Internpe AI/ML Programming Course Completion.
- Completed Simplilearn's Introduction to MS Excel. 
- Infosys Springboard: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
- Participated in a 36-hour FOSS Hackathon developing the E-Sports Hub application.


---

## 🤝 Volunteering

- 👩‍🏫 ChatGPT Workshop for PU students  
- 📚 Infosys Springboard Ambassador – 250+ students enrolled  
- 🔍 Splunk Security Seminar for juniors


---

## 💻 Technical Activities & Leadership  

- Participated in **SAP Inside Track 2025**, Bangalore  
- Explored SAP BTP, Generative AI, and enterprise-grade AI tools and architectures  


---


## 📬 Contact Me

 Mail ID 📧: pavangowda1034@gmail.com  
 View My Portfolio ➡️ (https://portfolio-plum-six-96.vercel.app) <br>
📍 Bhadravathi, Karnataka


*Let’s connect and collaborate on exciting tech projects!*


---

<p align="center">
  <em style="color:white; font-size:1.25em;">
    “Nothing Changes, if Nothing Changes.”
  </em>
  <br>
  <span style="color:#ff2e63; font-style:italic;">
    — Anonymous
  </span>
</p>

---
